(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
Triumph of the Roar.
(FRIGHTENED BLEATS)
(GROWLING)
(LAUGHING)
(GROWLS) Now we gotcha.
How did they
get here
without us
knowing?
Ullu,
what happened?
I dozed off.
Sorry.
(YAWNS)
Dozing sounds nice.
It's the fourth day
in a row
they've attacked
at sunrise.
KION: That's why
we're here.
BUNGA: One side,
Night Pride.
The Lion Guard
will handle 'em.
Beshte, take Ora.
BESHTE:
You got it, Kion.
Fuli, Chuluun.
Got it.
Huwezi!
And Mama's all mine.
Zuka Zama.
Anga, Ono,
you know
what to do.
ANGA: Yep.
ONO: Affirmative.
That leaves
just you and me, Makucha.
(BLEATS)
(MAKUCHA GRUNTS)
ANGA: Anga lenga!
Huh? (GRUNTS)
Hey, Mama.
I got something
for you.
MAMA BINTURONG: Oh, no!
No.
(SQUIRTS LOUDLY)
(BLEATS)
(GRUNTS)
Retreat.
(COUGHS)
Nice moves,
Kion.
That's right.
The Lion Guard's fiercest
is back.
(SIGHS) Bunga.
Actually, I think
Bunga is right.
This battle proved
you can be calm,
and focused.
Your healing
is complete.
Poa!
About Time.
Yep.
Feels great
being healed,
doesn't it?
And now that
you're healed,
we can go home.
Back to the Pride Lands.
Does this mean
you're leaving?
Right now?
No.
We agreed
to help patrol
the Tree of Life
during the day.
So right now,
that's what
we'll do.
Thank you, Kion.
Lion Guard.
Night Pride,
time for us
to rest.
So, now that
you're all better,
you can use
the Roar again, right?
Not yet.
Right.
So now we...
Say what?
Fuli, I need you
to take charge today.
There's something
I need to do.
Not yet.
What do you mean
not yet?
You're healed.
Nirmala said so!
Bunga,
we're on patrol,
remember?
Let's go.
Yeah. Okay.
Askari, I'm back.
(RUMBLING)
Greetings, Kion.
I'd like to
continue
my training.
Of course.
You've already made
great progress.
But remember.
Only one who is willing
to let go of
the Roar completely
can truly master it.
I understand,
and I'm willing
to let the Roar go.
I know
I don't need it
to lead
the Lion Guard.
Very well.
Soon, Kion,
you will learn
everything
the Roar
can do.
(BUNGA PANTING)
I don't
get it.
What's up
with Kion?
Why doesn't he want
to use the Roar yet?
(GRUNTS)
And where does he go?
(SIGHS)
I don't know, Bunga.
Maybe to the Valley
of None of
our Business,
or the Field
of Be Quiet.
Those sound like
nice places.
Indeed.
Yep.
Come on,
you can do it.
Start walking.
(GRUNTS)
Hey!
He spit on me.
Actually,
camel's don't spit.
It's more like
they throw up a little.
Just when they're worried.
Oh! Hmm.
You okay now, Camel?
(GRUNTS)
See ya, camelly-amel!
And why did Kion say
he's not ready
to use the Roar?
What's that about?
Bunga, I don't know.
But I trust Kion
to know when he's ready.
Can you keep your mind
on our patrol?
But what if
Kion's in trouble
and he's afraid
to tell us.
I'm sure Kion
would tell us
if he was in trouble.
Maybe. Maybe not.
You know what?
I want answers.
I'm gonna ask Rani.
Maybe she knows.
Want me to
bring him back?
Nah, let's continue
the patrol.
And enjoy
the peace and quiet.
That last attack
was a disaster.
Is it me or
is the Lion Guard
getting better?
It's Kion.
He's even tougher
than he used to be.
Nothing gets
past him now.
Yes.
And the others
follow his every order.
I don't know
about you two,
but I'm almost ready
to give up.
MAMA BINTURONG: Give up.
Mama Binturong
never gives up,
and neither do you.
(SCOFFS) We don't?
I do...
Sometimes.
Don't you worry.
Things are going
to be different
from now on.
Oh, yeah. How come?
Because we've got
reinforcements.
Mama!
One porcupine?
Yeah, that should
even the odds.
Smun?
You did find
the others,
like I asked?
Oh, yes, Mama.
Still not impressed.
Wait for it.
Hello, Makucha.
Long time no see.
Oh, yeah.
Now we're talking.
Yes.
Soon you'll be dining
on rare animals.
I'll have my revenge.
And that Tree of Life
will be ours.
BUNGA: Hello?
Rani, you down there?
Anybody home?
Bunga, shh!
Be quiet.
Queen Rani
is resting
and she needs
her rest.
If you keep talking,
you might
wake her up.
So please don't
I you just...
RANI: Makini.
(GASPS)
(SIGHS) It's okay.
I'm awake.
Oh, I'm sorry
your majesty.
Hey, Rani.
You haven't seen
Kion anywhere, have you?
Not since we split up
at the mountain pass.
Why?
Well, just between us,
your queenliness,
I'm suspicious.
Suspicious of what?
Oh, you know...
different things.
(SIGHS)
Like...
Where'd he go?
And why does he say
that he's not ready
to use the Roar yet?
Nirmala said
Kion was healed.
Yes, she did.
Maybe he's still
working on the Roar.
Still working on it?
What do you mean,
Makini?
Queen Janna
showed me a painting
from a long time ago.
That's Askari.
Legend has it,
that Askari would go
to Cikha Escarpment
to practice the Roar...
Until he learned everything
that the Roar could do.
(ROARING)
If Kion were to learn
everything the Roar can do,
and the Roar
were to stay here...
I need to talk
to Kion.
In private.
Great, let's go.
Bunga,
you don't understand.
I need to go alone.
Right,
and I'll go alone
with you.
Fine.
Come on.
Bye, your majesty.
Hope you find Kion.
Sorry I woke you up.
The Roar has great power.
And if you control
your emotions
it can be precise as well.
Now...
Stay calm,
focus,
and roar.
(ROARS)
(WHOOSHING)
Wow.
Well done, Kion.
You've mastered
that skill quickly.
Thank you.
I've had some help
learning to stay calm,
and I want to
learn more.
Very well.
♪ Here you stand
on the edge
of earth and sky
♪ You can command
them both
if you try
♪ Look within
you may find even more
♪ As you learn
the power of the Roar
♪ The power
of the Roar
(ROARS)
♪ The power
of the Roar
♪ It dwells inside you
and all around you
♪ In ways
you've never seen before
♪ The power
of the Roar
(ROARS)
♪ Once you think
you've found it all
♪ You'll find
there's still much more
♪ Free yourself
from anger and from fear
♪ The control that you seek
♪ Will be clear
(ROARS)
♪ Although the Roar goes far
♪ Beyond the wind and sound
♪ It can impact
♪ Everything all around
(ROARS)
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ It dwells inside you
and all around you
♪ In ways
you've never seen before
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ Once you've think
you've found it all
♪ You find
there's still much more
♪ The power of the Roar! ♪
(HOOTING)
Who's there?
Hoo! Better warn
the Night Pride.
You better not.
(SCREECHES)
(GRUNTS)
Watch her boys.
We don't want her
warning the Night Pride
(GROWLING)
You wanna watch me?
Hoo-Hoo!
Please do.
And watch this, too.
Hello!
Argh!
Her head went
all the way around.
Hoo-Hoo!
See you.
Hoo-Hoo.
Maybe we don't
tell Mama about this.
RANI: This way.
Cikha Escarpment
is up there.
BUNGA: Wow.
So that's where Askari
discovered the Roar.
Hey. You think
I could get the Roar?
And if I did,
would honey badgers
appear in the sky?
I really don't know.
But I'm starting
to understand
Fuli a little better.
What'd you say?
Hey, how come
you're making
a Fuli face?
(DISTANT ROARING)
Hoo-hoo-hah.
That's Kion.
And he's using
the Roar.
(ROARING)
And it's a big one.
RANI: It's coming
from the top of the cliff.
Come on.
BUNGA: Wait for me!
(ROARING)
(GASPING)
Un-Bunga-lievable.
Night Pride.
(YAWNS)
Ullu. What is it?
Mama Binturong
is headed this way.
With an army
of villains.
Warn the Lion Guard.
We'll get
Queen Rani.
(RUMBLING)
Anyone else hear that?
It sounds like
a stampeding herd.
I'll take
a look.
It's a stampede,
all right.
A stampede
of bad guys.
And they've
already made it
through the
mountain pass.
They must be heading
for the Tree of Life.
Why didn't Ullu
warn us?
Hoo hoo!
That's what
I'm here to do.
I saw the Night Pride first.
They're already on their way.
Okay, Lion Guard.
Let's go.
And let's hope
the Night Pride
can hold them off
'til we get there.
Queen Rani.
We have trouble.
Sis? You here?
Oh! Night Pride.
Sorry. Queen Rani
and Bunga
went looking for Kion...
(RUMBLING)
What was that?
I hope it's not
what it sounds like.
Come on.
Hurry!
(GASPS)
We're trapped.
(FAINT EVIL LAUGHTER)
MAKINI: What's going on
out there?
Nothing good.
That should
keep them in there.
Yep.
Now we don't have to worry
about the Night Pride.
(SCREAMING)
(GROWLING)
(PANTING)
(DRAGONS SNARL)
(YELLS) Leave me alone!
(LAUGHS CRUELLY)
Look at them run.
(SCREECHING)
Well, what are
we waiting for?
Let's get
in on the fun.
(GROWLS)
(SCREECHING)
The Tree of Life,
and everything around it,
is finally ours.
(LAUGHING EVILLY)
(INDISTINCT SCREAMING)
ANGA: Looks like Ora
and Makucha's
friends are here.
Mama Binturong's
porcupines, too.
But how did they all
find their way here?
Doesn't matter
how they got here.
We've got to get
rid of them.
Ullu? Where's the Night Pride?
They should be here.
They went to
the Tree of Life
to get Queen Rani.
Uh-oh.
If they're in the Tree,
they're trapped.
Anga.
Find Kion.
And Bunga.
Get them here
as fast as you can.
Yep.
What'll we do
'til then?
We'll do
the best we can.
Come on!
Hoo hoo!
(ROARING)
(WIND BLOWING)
(CHEERING)
Oh, the Roar is back!
Hi Bunga. Rani.
How did you do that?
Hard to explain.
Ooh! Ooh!
I know. I know. I know.
You've been practicing.
(CHUCKLES)
How could you tell?
Kion! Bunga!
Queen Rani!
Anga? What's up?
Bad guys.
They've brought friends.
And captured
the Tree of Life.
What?
No way!
What about
the Night Pride?
I think they're trapped
inside the Tree.
Makini, too.
We need to go.
Go on.
I'll be right
behind you.
Oh yeah!
Look out,
bad guys.
Here comes
the Roar
like you've never
seen it before.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Thank you, Askari.
I'm ready.
(MAKUCHA LAUGHS)
(GOAT BLEATING)
Come back here.
I just wanna eat ya.
Oh, no,
you don't,
Makucha!
What?
(GRUNTS)
(BLEATS)
(YELLS)
(GROWLS)
(FULI SCREAMS)
ALL: (SCREAMING) Run!
There are more
bad guys than rocks.
That's right.
For once
we outnumber you.
(CACKLES)
Ow!
(HOOTING)
How dare you
peck Mama
on the head?
(ALL GRUNTING)
Oh. It's no use.
(RUMBLING)
Hey.
It's moving.
BESHTE: (STRAINING)
Twende... kiboko!
And I know why.
(GRUNTING)
Hippo. Leave that
boulder alone.
Ora!
Stop that hippo.
Dragons. With me.
(GROWLING)
MAKINI:
Keep pushing, Beshte.
(GRUNTING)
ORA: Back off, hippo.
(GRUNTS)
Let us see how you like
three bites at once.
Anga lenga!
(DRAGONS SNARL)
Anga! You're back.
Oh, thanks.
Yep.
And I've brought some help.
Help?
I knew
this was too easy.
Makucha. Ora.
Forget about
catching your lunch.
Get them.
Especially that Bunga!
Hey...
Mama Binturong
remembered
my name.
Hi, Mama.
Sorry we're late.
(SNARLS)
Whew.
About time.
(GROWLS)
(ANIMALS SCREECHING)
I can handle this.
If that's okay.
I trust you.
(BLEATING)
(GRUNTS)
(GROWLS)
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Kion's gonna
use the Roar?
With all these
animals around?
It's okay.
You'll see.
Oh no.
Not the Roar.
Don't stop now.
Act like a dragon.
Stay calm.
Focus.
And...
(ROARING)
(DRAGON GRUNTS)
At least
it missed us.
What was that?
That's Kion.
And his Roar.
(ROARING)
(MAKUCHA GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(WIND HOWLING)
See what I mean?
Poa!
(EXCLAIMS)
Look out!
(GRUNTS)
(CRYING)
Run.
(ROARS)
(BOTH GRUNT)
He's not going to
use that roar on me.
There goes
Mama Binturong.
Bunga. Get ready.
(ROARING)
Un-Bunga-lievable!
Zuka Zama!
Oh, no.
Not Bunga.
That's right, Mama.
And here's something else
you won't forget.
(FARTING)
That was great.
Let's do it again.
KION: Beshte.
This one's for you.
(ROARS)
(CHUCKLES) Poa.
I've never flown before.
(WHOOSHING)
A flying hippo?
Twende kiboko.
Kion,
the Night Pride
and Makini
are still trapped
in the Tree.
Right.
(ROARS)
Oh. Glad I got
my sight back.
I wouldn't have
believed that
if I hadn't seen it.
Yep.
What just happened?
I'm not sure...
But I think we won.
(MOANING)
I've never seen
anything like that
in my life.
Me neither.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Everything okay, Fuli?
You tell me.
Yeah.
I think I'm okay.
So, what should we do
with them?
I'd like to
convince them
to never attack
the Tree of Life again.
Be my guest.
(ROARS)
(GROANS)
This is all
a mistake.
I'm just a harmless
old binturong.
I want to go home!
(SCREAMING)
(ROARS)
So, where'd you
send 'em, Kion?
Far, far away.
Everyone all right?
Totally fine.
Just sorry we didn't get
to see more of Kion's Roar.
I was right.
I knew it.
You were working
on your Roar.
Now you really
are healed.
Yeah.
I don't know
what to say, Kion.
Thanks for getting
rid of them?
It was the least
I could do.
After all,
I was the one
who led them here.
Now I know
why Queen Janna
was so happy
to have the Roar return
to the Tree of Life.
And now that's it here...
You should stick around.
Oh.
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ It dwells inside you
and all around you
♪ In ways
you've never seen before
♪ The power of the Roar
♪ Once you think
you've found it all
♪ You find
there's still much more ♪